Add Filesystem Hosted Model recipe (#74)
spiceai/cookbook: models/filesystem/README.md

# Filesystem Hosted Model

> This recipe demonstrates how to use model hosted on a filesystem in Spice.ai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This recipe demonstrates how to use models hosted on filesystems.
```
